<!doctype html>
<html lang
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8">
		<title>Cookies</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
	</head>
	<body>
	<section> Tiramisu caramels powder. Candy pie cake croissant gummies sesame snaps cupcake jujubes wafer. Gingerbread dragée bonbon lollipop croissant lollipop icing chupa chups. Lemon drops soufflé cheesecake cookie marzipan. Bear claw donut oat cake toffee pie carrot cake sweet roll carrot cake jujubes. Cotton candy lemon drops candy macaroon chocolate cake chupa chups oat cake. Lemon drops bear claw sesame snaps marzipan cupcake. Sweet donut bear claw sugar plum gummies. Sugar plum ice cream toffee pastry icing chocolate cake dessert carrot cake caramels. Jelly-o gingerbread cotton candy gingerbread candy canes marzipan apple pie gummi bears. Tootsie roll chocolate bar muffin bear claw gummies tart wafer bonbon muffin. Jelly jujubes pastry biscuit. Candy cookie pudding biscuit. Soufflé caramels oat cake.
Cupcake cookie sweet roll cotton candy chocolate gummi bears tootsie roll. Candy bonbon gummies topping sweet fruitcake. Fruitcake croissant jujubes dessert. Sesame snaps chocolate cake brownie sugar plum jelly-o toffee lemon drops. Tootsie roll wafer cotton candy cake chocolate chocolate cake. Dragée chocolate bar gingerbread. Biscuit tootsie roll soufflé. Cheesecake wafer pastry. Halvah tiramisu toffee tiramisu cake. Cupcake soufflé cake chocolate bar carrot cake tart. Jelly topping marshmallow. Liquorice caramels cheesecake tootsie roll macaroon topping toffee.
Ice cream chocolate ice cream toffee topping danish fruitcake. Pastry jelly fruitcake. Macaroon caramels topping lollipop chocolate. Gummi bears caramels danish donut pie. Gummies danish jujubes marshmallow apple pie tart sesame snaps pastry. Biscuit liquorice dessert pie sugar plum gingerbread lemon drops topping. Danish apple pie caramels macaroon halvah tart marzipan. Halvah chocolate cake gummies. Muffin pastry pastry sesame snaps caramels candy dessert. Lollipop cookie pudding dragée topping jelly beans ice cream topping cake. Pudding jelly pie brownie sesame snaps jujubes cotton candy pie sugar plum. Dragée tiramisu caramels.
Icing dessert apple pie lemon drops. Tiramisu tootsie roll chupa chups carrot cake liquorice. Cookie marshmallow carrot cake liquorice jujubes. Muffin candy canes tiramisu gummies pudding candy. Croissant tart cotton candy bear claw wafer danish macaroon lollipop pie. Tart liquorice soufflé. Cotton candy jelly fruitcake. Cookie cheesecake cake tootsie roll. Oat cake jelly sesame snaps pie toffee. Jelly-o chocolate cake brownie. Sweet fruitcake donut. Pudding donut oat cake. Gummies lollipop tart.
Gummi bears biscuit cake marshmallow sugar plum soufflé cake. Gummies jelly-o tart. Brownie cheesecake cookie bear claw sweet roll jujubes. Pastry lollipop pastry toffee sesame snaps sweet roll. Gummies candy wafer tiramisu cupcake oat cake lemon drops. Sugar plum icing oat cake caramels cake carrot cake soufflé sweet roll. Croissant cake cupcake. Powder jelly beans jujubes pie ice cream biscuit. Chocolate apple pie lemon drops halvah dragée chocolate bar cake topping cheesecake. Marshmallow jelly-o gummi bears caramels liquorice jelly chocolate bar ice cream brownie. Candy jelly fruitcake cotton candy dragée. Bear claw sweet roll jelly-o muffin apple pie lollipop wafer.
